[Music]
for behold the day is coming burning
like an oven and all the proud yes all
who do wickedly will be stubble and the
day which is coming shall burn their
mouth that will leave them neither root
nor branch but to you who fear my name
the Sun of righteousness shall arise
with healing in his wings and you shall
go out and grow fat like Stoll fed cards
you shall trample the wicked for they
shall be ashes under the soles of your
feet on the day that I do this remember
the law of Moses my servant which I
commanded him in Horeb for all Israel
with the statutes and judgments behold I
will send you Elijah the Prophet before
the coming of the Great and dreadful day
of the Lord and he will turn the hearts
of the father's to the children and the
hearts of the children to their fathers
lest I come and strike the earth
with a curse